This is a head-gum original.
How does him Jeff wear headphones?
She's the engineer.
What I guess is that I can first of all, I can't hear, yeah, I can't hear the sound effects whatsoever.
These cameras, we've got two of them.
Hold on, I have so many questions.
And I don't mind it.
You didn't reset the cameras.
It didn't reset the cameras.
He's not listening to the audio recording.
The headphones are right outside.
I can go get them.
I think you probably should.
If y'all could just kind of steer the ship while I'm doing it.
Do you want me to fix the cameras?
You're a host of the fucking pit.
Well, why don't you take over.
We can do what you know what we should do.
Are all the mics on, even?
All the mics are on.
Yeah, I'm hearing y'all.
No, you're not hearing, you're not hearing anything.
I'm hearing all four of them.
He's hearing us in the room.
He's not hearing us in the room.
Right, yes, but I'm getting levels on everything.
The only thing is that you're hearing really loud.
Like is it sounds that are bad?
Well, you need a monitor.
Who's three?
That's you, Ali.
I guess so.
Yeah, say something.
All right.
No, not for levels.
Like say something awesome.
Say something awesome.
I'm talking to you.
Jeff, is your mic then?
Because I can barely hear you.
My mic is on.
We're getting some good ass levels on my shit.
How can you tell if you're.
Because I didn't know.
It's hard.
Why are we going to love it?
It's like a loafing for him.
Last, on well, on the episode.
It's kind of like how some people can visualize color.
He's in his deja.
That's it with the audio.
Jeff, I always thought you were like, Lord.
The Lord.
Lord musician or Ryan.
I know.
Hello, our DE.
Our God and save you.
I always thought you were like a little Lord.
Like someone was a little bit of far quiet.
A little bit of Lord.
I don't know what.
Everyone else seems to have that Friday feeling other than me.
I'm riding levels.
I'm making sure the tech is not falling off the rail.
You're not.
You can't see on your whatsoever.
So what's this?
What are the three cameras showing, right?
We have.
Camera one is on you and Casey.
Okay, great.
It's tilted at an angle.
God.
Just style.
Camera two is all alley everything.
Yeah.
So it's going to be.
And there's a little bit of on you, but it is mostly alley.
And then camera three is also alley focused.
But on you's in it because she's kind of squirming.
Is your camera on?
My camera's on.
I'm not really coming through in visual stereo.
I kind of look like garbage today.
That doesn't have to do with the GoPro.
I think.
You have nothing to do with my happiness.
Talk amongst yourselves.
You're going to keep me off camera.
No, I'm about to adjust the cameras.
Okay.
But I need y'all.
I think we should do a fucking Casey's brothers because
Cinematic music emotional.
We have Adam Connovers notes here.
I was wondering what that was.
All right.
Here we go.
This is a Casey's brothers.
Oh, like X the cameras.
You know.
What?
Traffic.
Guys, let me do my brothers please.
Yeah, you can do it about Jeff.
No, this is Casey's.
So he just talks uninterrupted.
But yours is about traffic.
Traffic is so bad.
It's a different angle.
He's going to say that it's fine or something.
Traffic.
Well, let me get to it.
Here he says.
Traffic is bad.
This time of year specifically.
Interesting.
Like, it's, I don't know what it is about Los Angeles,
but when the, when the, when the days get shorter.
Yeah.
This angle.
What is this?
Cover by a bag.
The teleprompter?
As we call it in the industry.
The traffic is bad.
Like, like worse than the usual around.
Uh, the sunset.
And it's always, I notice in LA.
It's always between, like, Thanksgiving and, like,
The music is so loud and you're so quiet.
And then, well, not to the listener.
I feel like I'm in a spot.
And you're talking in the next room about traffic.
Just trying to, like, brothers that.
I need an ask to do these brothers.
When you said sunset, you mean the street or the time of day.
Oh.
Sunset.
It's awful.
There's a last place I want to play.
You guys.
Fuck Mary kills.
Sunrise sunset.
Hi, noon.
Oh, it's just a kill.
Easily kill.
Easy.
Okay.
That's fair.
That's the worst lighting.
It's the hottest part of the day.
I wish I could hear what you said.
But I can only hear the music.
Oh, the music is still going here.
Headphones off.
I'm moving.
I'm such a role follower.
I won't do it.
He'll high noon.
Yeah.
The lighting is the worst.
It's the hottest part of the day.
That's correct.
Mary Sunrise.
That's right.
And fuck it sunset.
Fuck it sunset.
Funggy.
Sunrise is crazy.
Not only.
Or too early.
Exactly.
That's why I would honestly kill Sunrise.
I'm killing Sunrise too.
Yeah.
I don't want to be.
That's like.
If you're leaving a heart.
It's bad.
And if you're.
I'm.
I.
You're basically inside of.
It's.
Well, I knew.
Yeah.
Exactly.
It's more of a metaphor.
That's on the film.
I might.
Yeah.
See if I could get.
I haven't seen it in a while.
Sort of.
Yeah.
Don't.
That's where the guy is.
I feel like.
There's guys coming.
We got to protect the town.
And then like.
All I remember is.
There's no one.
This is the episode yet.
This is been.
It's.
Yes.
Not even.
In.
Yeah.
This has been literally zero.
This is.
Yeah.
Mosted by.
Tony's.
Case.
You.
I don't care to be associated with the worst.
But this program has ever been.
Tried.
Pile.
Tried being.
Andrew.
Venon has, is the series called worst episode ever?
One through six.
She doesn't deserve.
Um, can I debut a new sound for y'all?
Oh, okay, I get it.
Okay, here we go.
Are you guys ready?
My ears are my instrument.
Okay.
They're my livelihood.
Oh, that's me saying what's that.
Oh my god.
Yeah, that's from what that's what.
She just has a star stroke.
Wait, is that really you?
It felt like ventrican.
Should we try, should we try that?
Yeah, Melda.
But I don't know what he's doing.
Well, shouldn't it be my mouth?
Because it's not supposed to come out like that.
Hey, you shouldn't be mangled.
It gives all of her spotlight for once.
Yeah, I don't know what's wrong with you.
Sorry.
I just...
We got into a whole conversation earlier
while we were like testing, testing for the,
the Mario Kart live stream, where you were like,
we'll have happened weeks ago at this time.
Yeah, like four weeks ago.
And you were like, do people respect me as a boss?
We all led you.
And, uh, we'd like to meet myself.
Well, come on.
If you want to say what really happened.
Yeah.
Over Slack, you asked us in a group chat
if we respect you as a boss and then when I answered you,
you edited what the question was.
Oh, that's right.
So I said, you guys respect me as a boss.
And then you said, in what way?
Yeah.
And then I edited my question to just say,
good night.
And then I responded in what way.
So it was kind of weird.
Did anybody see it before?
Not.
Allian, I saw it, yeah.
We all saw it at the world.
The original question too.
It just didn't make any sense.
I was diagnosed.
Yeah.
Oh, what you didn't see the question?
I didn't see it until it was edited.
So it said, good night in what way.
I was like, well, this is the first you're finding out
about this.
That's what you have.
Yeah.
You guys remember the folders in your mouth?
Has the show started?
This is it.
This has been it.
This will be it.
There was a case.
He's brothers.
There was me setting up the cameras,
which at this point has become canon, right?
That folder song is legitimately one of the best songs
of like the 80s or 90s or whenever it came out.
And it was like a full commercial, like minute,
minute and a half version of the song.
That really sounds like a radio hit.
And it was just an added jingle for coffee.
OK.
And let's go to our radio correspondent,
on your kind of sky or rather on your zero.
Is it good radio or was that kind of free of what I
would consider the cinema of radio?
Ultimately, it was not alive for whatever when you're talking.
Yeah, can you do folders?
Yeah, you were on.
Yeah.
You guys are on part of what it is.
I know the song.
I've never heard a full version of it.
Folders in your clothes.
Yeah, there's like a first.
You're full.
And today, I have a wake up.
Are we going to talk about the folders
in your clothes commercial?
Well, the folders, the folders girl.
That's right.
She died.
Manson.
Murderer.
Oh, my god.
Yeah, that's great.
Wait.
I'm not seeing.
It's not a new app.
It's a 46 seconds.
OK, 46 seconds.
OK, here we go.
Longer than a couple.
Oh, wait.
Listen to this.
Yeah.
Tell me if you like this.
It includes this beeping for some reason.
The guy waking you up.
Is this like an amber alert?
Yeah.
Should we be back?
Soft.
The bestã“ã¨ we can have.
It's the duo.
The right thing is.
The mandony rum are always coming.
Reward.
The best part of what's up with you.
It's photos in your, and now I'm writing happy new ideas.
What year is this?
It looks like the 90s 90s. Is this pentatonic?
That wasn't that great? I've never seen you respond to music like that.
It's like pentatonic. It's a 1998, by the way.
There's an album. It's a 30 second version.
It's so fucked up.
It's the Carmen San Diego. Is that who's saying Carmen San Diego?
Yeah, the sucks.
Oh, is it the same guy?
It's the same song.
It's just a 30 second version of it for the captain.
Can you play a...
Jeff, can you play the Carmen San Diego theme song?
And then I guess the chillies would be alright after that.
Yeah, then we could do chillies with it.
These are the people that did the Carmen San Diego.
And then, and then Sullivan Otto.
The Carmen San Diego game show, right?
The game show theme song.
That's like...
Jeff, here's a question.
No pentatonic's is the only...
Oh my God.
Yeah, there we go. Good transition.
Yeah.
And then, did it say who's sing this?
What's that?
Did it say who's sing this?
This is where in the world this Carmen San Diego is a band of the aquatologists.
Yeah, is it the Folgers 4?
Is it the Folgers 4?
Who's singing this?
I don't fucking know.
It doesn't join at me's music channels.
Show it out.
And the description.
It's the South Bay groovy system.
I don't like it.
This is really good.
I think he's right.
It sounds like a South Bay.
Should we get it?
I can't hear you.
Have you seen the Christmas Folgers commercial?
Sounds like your fist.
I think it looks like a flower.
That's your point.
This is getting like anything in your saying.
What's that?
You said play the Folgers Carmen San Diego.
That's what we're doing.
This is you.
I can't say that.
This might be part of your druthers.
You've had to eat that fucking.
Oh my God.
Did you play this video?
What can you do then?
I did.
Did you ever watch this show?
This is the game show?
Did you find a new level to make it louder?
Did you find a new loudness level?
I'll not open.
Why is this so long?
I've been done with this for a while.
I'll probably.
It's the group.
Carmen San Diego.
So many things I can be doing right now.
We have another minute.
The three-minute song.
It's a radio edit.
It's a radio free edit.
You can turn it off.
You can switch it off.
I look like you're at it.
It's a TV show theme song.
It hasn't even started.
You can turn it off.
It's a TV show.
It's a TV show theme song.
It hasn't even started.
But you're playing another song underneath this?
There's a nice fade out there, I guess.
But what a waste of all of our time.
That was Cassie's idea.
Anyways, the Folder's Christmas commercial,
no one's picking up on this.
So the Folder's theme song,
when I was looking it up, was written in 84.
So that maybe that commercial?
Maybe that commercial.
I added this emotional soundtrack back in
because this has to be still part of Cassie's brothers.
So wrap it up.
Otherwise that was all a waste of time.
So far he's just said that traffic is bad.
Traffic is bad.
That sunset on sunset.
Where the the brother comes home from
from the 90s as well.
From like the Peace Corps.
And his sister greets him.
You guys don't know the commercial I'm talking about.
I think so.
You guys should watch it.
It's the Folder's Christmas commercial
that was like really missed cast.
Like they cast the brother in the sister to close an age.
So when when they come home and they have this like emotional reunion.
Over a cup of coffee.
It's extremely sexy.
Yeah.
It was a romantic.
I do have to bring up that because you said casting.
Casey has a feature like movie that is in development.
I do have to bring this up because you said casting.
I just had one question about the casting process for your movie.
A audition still open.
Is it going to be the traditional you know like bringing in a casting director?
There's a mostly like personal connections.
Like anybody could just sort of submit.
Who's going to say or is it mostly like more like an Indian cast where it's like.
Each role is regard to like what you know the total.
You know the total.
I'm not a million exactly.
The cast system of Hinduism.
Oh.
A cast system.
Yeah.
Exactly.
What's the casting system for your movie?
The cast system.
Or is it through like.
You know.
Genie McCarthy or something.
McCarthy Abelera.
We're still figuring it out.
But we have having considered a cast system.
You have not considered that.
No.
But it's something to consider.
It does because I feel like.
Listen, all the rage in Hollywood right now is like, Oh, diverse.
You know, which is racist in a way in itself.
Sure.
Look at it that way.
But if you're going to, you might as well do it like, you know.
Quarter.
So I should have like a prince in the movie.
I really don't think he's understanding what I'm saying.
Everyone else gets it.
You want to be in the movie.
It seems like that's exactly right.
Is there a character similar to Jeff's?
Anything.
Yeah.
His status in our company.
They can be duity long hair.
Yeah.
I could play.
I could play like a footstool to you on set.
Imagine it.
Imagine if Casey's movie ended up kind of as a ballie would hit.
That'd be amazing.
Like that.
I don't even know how we would even get there.
Because I don't know like musical numbers.
Yeah.
Folders.
The song.
Yeah.
The good thing is when you cast enough.
Good point.
Yeah.
Brown people are going to do that.
Oh, my God.
Poor.
Do you like a pillow, right?
What's that?
You appreciate that.
That's what you got.
Fultre seemed to be in the song on an Acapella level.
What's that?
That's good.
That's really good.
I did Acapella in high school.
Oh, that was the group called.
The US males.
This show is sponsored by Better Help.
Guys.
guys, sometimes you want to keep the same things about yourself, the same kind of tenants
in your life as we get into the new year, right? Where are you already crushing it? You know,
the opposite of New Year, New Year, New Year's, you know, around New Year's, we got obsessed
with how to change ourselves, you know? Instead of just expanding on what we're already doing
right, what good habits we already have in place. Maybe you finally organized one part of your
space, right? And you want to tackle another, just keep that momentum going. You don't
mean you have the fully change who you are, or maybe you've been taking your supplements every
morning and now you actually want to eat breakfast too, not just take pills and supplements.
That's where therapy can help you find your strengths. So you can ditch the extreme resolutions and just
make changes that really stick. I'm in therapy twice a week and as we head into this new year,
I'm definitely going to be having to fight the urge to completely change everything in my life and
rather just like figure out what's working and build upon that, rather than starting from scratch.
It's just a lot easier. If you're thinking of starting therapy, give better help a try.
It's entirely online designed to be convenient, flexible, and suited to your schedule.
Just fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist and switch
therapists at any time for no additional charge. Celebrate the progress you've already made with
better help. Visit betterhelp.com slash what's that? Today to get 10% off your first month.
Again, that's better help, HELP.com slash what's that? Thanks, better help. I figure you out.
I really did. You're a millennial, right? Who misses what life was like in the 2000s? You've
had a hard time finding new or curated music. And you're interested in multiple perspectives on
relationships, dating, music, etc. And because of all that, I have the perfect podcast for you.
It's called See the Thing is, a podcast hosted by Grammy Award-winning R&B artist Bridget Kelly
and Media Personality and Podcast Trailblazer Mandy Bee. Twice a week, Bridget and Mandy have
nostalgic conversations in their grown segments, political pop culture conversations in their honest
segments, and relationship hot take conversations in the slightly toxic segment. The opinions on
the show are real and brought to you by the genuine connections that the ladies have with their guests
to they like to call their friends with benefits. Each week you'll leave with some new music
recommendations or a curated playlist that you didn't even know you needed in their freshly squeezed
music segment. Most recently, the ladies have sat down with Chloe Bailey, Mooney Long, and Meow.
So go check it out, follow and subscribe to see the thing is on Spotify, Apple Podcasts, or on
YouTube. New audio episodes drop every Tuesday and Friday and visuals are available on YouTube,
Wednesdays and Saturdays. Check it out. Sorry, can you not be real?
I want to be a back. I can do German accent. I can be a footstool to you. You're still trying to
get a roll in my movie. I'm trying to get to your character. What's the name?
The movie is called, yeah. I'm not going to get into the details on the movie. Okay.
You don't have to do that. I do have a roll for you. Okay, and is it? It's a PA to the
PA. That's what I was going to say. Is it like a personal assistant to a PA?
Oh, this is a German. It is. It's a dry, I'm a teamster. I have to pay union fees to start being a teamster.
Hey, come on. Hey, come on. What's that? As an actor, you mean?
Well, we'll work our way there. I need to see if we'll first learn my offense to this. He's going to be
one of those PA's that pays to be on set. You know, it's how people work their way. It's an unpaid
internship. No, it's unpaid. Yeah, I'm not paying you, but you are going to have to pay me.
Right. But I still have to produce it. But yeah, you'll get credit as a system to the
assess. Yeah. I don't know. We're at 33 taps. You said I was going to be your
assistant. That's because he was drunk off of beer. Well, you're going to be a producer on the
project. Thank you. You have nothing to worry about. No, no, no, you're you're a full
flood. Does she have to do anything for that? I switched cameras to the wrong one. I don't know.
Jeff has some experience under his body. He was on the neighborhood.
Nobody ever gives a shit about that. I remember that. You were on a, I remember that.
Shut up. Come on. You just because you're in the commercial, right? Or you are in the neighbor.
Cell as a mean. You know how to be a production system. You mean like literally in the
neighborhood? No, I just because you're like kind of around here. Yeah, just because you're around.
Oh, yeah. Let's down. Let's see. Yeah. I just was around. Yeah. Well, hey, hang out
about that. Is that what it finally doxed me? Because this is what on you did. On your text
to me yesterday. I'm sorry. And then we'll get to what Alex had because he was gassing me up.
What is going to be beefed out because I was like, which on you said, hey, can you update your
address in the gum ball system for us to send you shit? When I did just say to Brad and this is a
brag that I was like, have the brand stop sending me shit. I'll just lie. Yeah.
Humble bread. Come on. Sorry. So was that why you just wanted to know where I lived so you could
you could dox my answer again? Can I say something honestly? You may not. Didn't look gum ball,
but you told me that's where you live. Oh, I'll go. What is this? It's fine. I know where you
was. The name was. What? I know where you live. You live on a grudel Avenue. No, you keep making
up. You were saying that I'm a ton of experience. I don't know. No, I'm a little more neutral.
They're all going to laugh at you. From. Yeah. I'm here. Dye Coke Brothers. Oh, my god. Call me a mere zero.
I'm having a Coke zero. Yeah. No, that's a guy. Call me Dye at a mere. Why? Because I'm, yes,
sort of the worst version of you. Joke at the app so far.
Bond the week is Oscar the Grout. Oh, you don't ask us anymore. You just decide. Bond the
week. Oh, come on. Beyond the trash. What's that? Beyond great joy. That's not bad.
That's good. Yeah. All right. That's good. That's like, I like that.
I like that. Like I'm going to.
Per week of the draft. Hey. Hey. Hey. What's with this whole like international
referendum on fossil fuse fuse. You want to take that again? Take that again.
What's with this like international like a sudden a version of fossil fuels climate change?
Really? It's like the, yeah. The polar caps are melting. Yeah. Yeah. Is this leading? Irversible
damages that were. Yeah. Irversible like Irver. No irreversible like we are hurtling towards
dilemma slash. A burning burning or I got my face zapped by a rod.
There you two and a half hours ago. So excuse me if I say Irver,
Irversible like a taser like a rod. So it's like you have to run a cat prod on my
fucking eyelids, by the way. Can you imagine it's just like I got taser. I can't imagine.
Show it up. You always show up flustered and we never know why. And if you got taser,
excuse me. This is my eye doctor with Zac Efron. Did he create this procedure? Is it like
procedure that everybody does? And he's one of the few people that can. The machine costs according
to Arthur a quarter million dollars. Very Russian. The nurse Bella Russian. Interesting. So.
And did your doctor give you any fun tidbits about Zac? He doesn't like to disclose who he works with
or what they said or anything, but he does have kind of a wall of fame with all the celebrities
that we worked on. Okay. So he does respect? No. Confidentiality. Does he know you host this podcast?
Yes. He actually took a picture of the picture and said on the internet that he went to that doctor.
I, well, here's what, here's what happened. I said, wait, what did I say? I did come up. They were like,
what do you do for a living? Finally, you have been going there for three years. And he was like,
what do you do for a living? And I was like, I, I don't know. I do a little bit of this, a little bit of that.
He's like, what does that mean? And I was like, well, one thing I do as I host a podcast.
And he was like, uh, oh, like, do people listen to it? And I was like,
some. And I was like, also, I have plugged your name first and last on the show a lot.
Because you're a really good eye doctor. And he's like, and then he demanded to know how many
listeners we have, how many Instagram followers I have. So hopefully he did. What's that?
He demanded to know. Yeah. Well, not him, but the person next to him is kind of his business.
You weren't even talking to your doctor. I was talking to him and Rita and Arthur, right? Oh,
very rationed. What's Arthur's last name? Or a zero. Zero is really good. Arthur's zero.
But they tried to get me to post to my story that I was at the eye doctor. And I was like,
that's not going to move the needle for y'all at all. No free pub. Exactly. Right. So I told
we do a CTI. Yeah, you should have gotten a free zip out of it. Yeah. My CPI was cost per eye
of lip of flow. So basically, I was like, for one eye, I'll do one post for two eyes. I'll do. Yeah.
When you send me a screenshot of your calendar invite and it said lip of flow,
I thought you were doing some sort of like cool sculpting. I did too. I did too. I did too.
I like those. That's it. I like that too. There's nothing in life. I've always wanted to know.
Don't look at me when you talk. I just am looking for I'm scanning everyone's eyes.
Yeah, we don't want you to. No, because the issue is when you're already this shredded
jacked and lean, you're malnourished. Really? Yeah. You're making thin. Oh, we did see me eat two
bags of potato chips. Yeah. That's all I've had today though. Yeah. It's often all you've had today.
It's often, yeah, because people make fun of me for having the baggy clothes for having the thin ass ankle.
Yeah. Nobody ever talks about the masculinity. Nobody says we don't like you. See a
pain. Yeah, we can't see that because of the baggy clothes. Yeah. Right. Anyway. So cool sculpting.
You said, I'll make an appointment. No, don't. Linden advantage, at least I had a horrible experience.
I don't do it. You guys. I won't. I won't. I won't. I thought hers was like,
guys, I don't always get the best sleep, right? The show is sort of evidence of that.
But if you're a long time listener, you might know that I've been drinking AG1 for about two years
now and it's severely helped my sleep quality and the clarity with which I wake up in the morning.
When I started drinking AG1 daily, I was living in New York, Micah showed it to me in the office
and I kind of tried it just to be like, what does it taste like? And it tasted great. And I realized
that I'd spent all these years spending a ton of money on various pills and vitamins and supplements
in pill form where I was taking like 12 pills a day. And eventually you can't afford it or
and or you just don't want to do it. You don't want to swallow that many pills every day.
And that's where AG1 came in where I was getting a baseline nutritional insurance,
where each day I knew I was getting my vitamin C. I knew I was getting my B vitamins. I
knew I was getting my magnesium to support my immunity and my sleep and lower my stress levels,
et cetera. It really does work. And that's because AG1 is a foundational nutritional supplement
that supports your body's universal needs, like gut optimization, stress management and immune
support, things everyone needs. Since 2010, AG1 has led the future of foundational nutrition
continuously refining their formula to create a smarter, better way to elvine your baseline health.
I've been telling all my friends and family to start taking it and I've even had some family
members and friends start taking it and tell me that they do feel like they're more energy when
they wake up, like they wake up without that sluggishness. So, you know, if that's something
you value, I would definitely give AG1 a try. AG1 is the supplement that I trust to provide the
support my body needs daily and that's why they've been a part of the show for so long. So,
if you want to take ownership over your health, it starts with AG1. Try AG1 and get free
one-year supplies of vitamin D3K2 and five free AG1 travel packs with your first purchase.
Go to drinkag1.com slash what's that? Again, that's drinkag1.com slash what's that? Check it out.
Plus, it's hard. No, it was cool sculpting. Yeah, do you never recover from that, so.
What's that? And we're back. We're so back and you kidding me?
It does sound like you right now saying it's crazy. That's the reason it's crazy.
And it probably said it. It sounds like it's in this room. That sounds like it's in this room.
That's what I was going to say. Yeah, that's exactly what I was going to say.
I think I said it in this room. I do have some segments. Yeah. Okay.
Is this episode going to come out this year? I don't think so. This is January. I think it's
either December 29th or whatever Friday that is or it's the new year. So, last episode of that year
or a first episode of the next year. I'm going to say something. But no mention of any of that stuff.
We were booked well into January that's what I'm going to say. Wow. Like this could have been in
the new year, but then Jeff can't sell the bunch of recordings. I feel like we already recorded a
January 6 episode or was that earlier this year when I knew, say, for why I'm going to do
you first week of January sort of a revolution. January 6. Like,
I remember recording it. It's just going to be a celebration. It's just going to be a remembrance
or something. And are you going to look for evidence? A lot Lady Gaga. I think I might wear
meat all of her, but I might also take, yeah, action. Right. Right. You're sort of pulling it
from different eras. Exactly. Right. So, I'm going to like, I'm going to kind of like,
smirk and smile out of, I get it. As I walk into my house, rather, but in me, in heat,
and I'm going to steal a pony impression. Okay, come on. Casey's impression of me is just goofy.
There comes the time when it's too much. Are we there?
Are we on the line? Whatever you were about to say is what I was going to say. What was the last
audition you went on? This weekend I've auditioned for night court. Wait, you went back in time?
Yeah. You look like a night court is better. After the 30-rock episode, they still brought it back.
That's right. Same never. Same as what it's called. It really is something with the episode.
It would be funny if your agent sent you on, like, had to make up fake auditions for you.
And that's what I'm just going to be nice to him. I'm just going to be nice to him.
I'm just going to be nice to him. I'm just going to be nice to him. Yeah. Really?
I mean, that sounds fake, but apparently it's real. Yeah. Yeah, I'm peacock, I believe. It's like
already out, like on. I think so. Yeah. I've seen commercials. Well, Jeff, I'm written for you.
Here's the thing. I just want to make a ton of money. Sure. Like, what's that? Sure.
There's your shirt. Sure. There's your ways to make a ton of money.
Can you say what's that to himself?
Setting himself up for what's that? Well, my point is, like, these show, like, you know, not a,
not a, I don't want to get up. What part on my court, the judge? Docteur.
Docteur? Sure. So you want to be like true detective. I want to be in a show where the
residuals are thus. Like, I did that one episode of the neighborhood and it paid me,
I'm going to believe this. No way. Yeah. Yeah. Every single one of you, have, okay. Yeah.
That makes sense for the way he's like money as a child. That's like a day right. I'm going to cut this.
Everything cool in your phone or
are we, are we podcasting right now? So you know this song. Do you know this song?
You're the only person here or another song. It's, it's a, they just, they just, is this the remastered version?
Uh, yeah, but in 2008, were you about to say they just remastered it? Yeah. It's been
15 minutes. They just put out 10. That was the replacement. It was. They just remastered 10.
It sounds great. Uh, Spotify wrap. Let's fucking talk about it. I want to know what you're going to
choose that song to lead us into it. That's it. Number one song. No. Really? Yeah. You know what the best
fucking part of it is? It's this part. Hang on. Wait, Jeff, you're going to lose your mind. Do you know
whose favorite band this is? Nick. Yeah. That's real. I love it. I can't believe it. I thought you
liked the great full-dead. Exclusively. You can like a lot of music. You love it not that. Landband.
Hmm. I would love to read for you, my um. Are you Dave Matthew? I got you seem like a
Dave Matthew. I seem like a diver. Yeah, you seem like a diver. You like this song? The
rootest thing I knew when I think ever said to me, uh, I'm not a diver. It's, yeah, I'm just
all making fun of. I'm not making fun of anybody. I'm saying I'm not a diver.
Take her with speak, Dave. Is this your number two song? This is his version of
burning down the house, what I do like because he just kind of is that an 11 out of 10? Yeah,
I bet you like that. But I'm not a diver. Allie. Yeah. Spotify wrapped.
Spotify. Oh, what? Here's your bomba. Char the grains. Yeah, can everybody
air drop me their raft? I don't fucking listen to Spotify. I don't. Songs. I'm my Spotify
game air drop. I can't participate. I'm sorry. You have though, listen to music on Spotify this
year, which means you would have a plan to air drop what? I'm a little wrapped by this segment.
How do you? Allie. Allie. Yeah, I got yours. I want to be realist because I was a really
good idea that air drop across the room all the day to have. I did. I did. I did. I did kind of
about that. That's what's going to say. No people found here. Number four has a lot to do with you.
I can't do it. Okay, I'm sending you mine. Okay. Very good. Okay, and then let's get Casey's for sure
and then mirrors to boot. You're not showing up on my air drop. I think you might have blocked me
as a contact. Yeah. I don't know Spotify premium, does that? Do I need that? I mean, our serious
question, not no connotation. What generation are you technically? I was born in 83, so I think I'm
the oldest millennial. What's tough for me is that Casey just sent me his whole playlist of your
tops. Isn't that what you wanted? No, I wanted this. It's hard because I'm talking to a bunch of
the millennials. Whoa, sorry. Except for you. Allie, you're Gen Z. I'm I'm Casp. I'm technically
a millennial. Yeah. All right. Now I'll take that. I'll take everybody. Okay, let me try this again.
Where are the raft? Thank you. Do you want my top songs or my top artists?
God. Don't do that. Sorry. You both, I have a whole area. Yeah, I'm so happy. I'm only one that understands you.
Yeah, the only one who's understood the assigned. Because you guys are both Gen Z.
All right, I'm sorry. You might talk about this. All very, very white 40 year old. Yeah.
Day Matthews. Not even. It's the what was it called? The boardwalk empire soundtrack and then
a boardwalk singing quartet. And the the people who did the Folders commercial. Oh, yes,
that would be number one. The Bay Area South Groover. Yeah, my top fan is like,
everyone. Oh, that's why. That's why my number four is so funny. What's fucked up is that all five,
all four of you guys. Sorry, the fifth one was me leaving room for Jesus Christ. The all four of
you guys didn't air drop the same thing and then a mere text did me the right thing, but he texted.
It's me. He didn't air drop. You're not telling us what the right thing is.
Oh, I don't fucking care at first. This is my idea. And you said it was what it is.
I said it was genius. I just texted you something else. Yeah. It's just fucking unbelievable.
I just thought you would text us as fuck you. So, I don't know. All right, let's do up. Do up.
Do all my do. The best aroma is always coming true. It should be honestly, but I let it
tie a mug. Folders inside of a cup whipped cream inside of bean juice. That's how you char the
foam. If you could whip from rice to coffee, I think that could be a whole new album.
Oh, it's a place inside of home. That's how my number four. It's rice record first.
Yeah, what about rice and then there's the bean? Because I'm going to bean juice, bean juice.
All I need is a light roast, light roast. All this looks like you
game to the system. I didn't. That's how it goes back off. Yeah, it is so in the cultural
conversation with this. I know. You really have everything around the pulse. Yeah, I try. I'm trying.
Artists are Taylor Swift. This is an order. Taylor Swift, Boy Genius, Sizzah, Chappell
Rown for Phoebe Bird. That's just pretty cool. Like, what everybody think is cool music.
It's almost, it is almost like you were like, what musicians do cool people think are cool to
listen to. And then I thought those aren't intentional. Basically put those on over that.
Yeah, I was actually, yeah, not even close to finished. Basically, I'm not jacuzziing you,
but I do fear that you just put cool music on on repeat as you fell asleep.
Which is what I said earlier. Is that what you said? Because I was about to say that.
I said it first. And before you. Yeah. And already. And then we'll just, yeah.
I feel like my answers are cooler than I'm dying to hear mirrors. I want a lot of our
listeners too. This is, this will be new for me. Should we, should we hit him with an
on you? Radio free, uh, radio recap show? Yeah. I'm free of some seeding as much disassociating.
I always feel a fishbowl and a foul. I feel a skew. I feel off kilter. I feel like I have
vertigo of the eyes and ears when you're on the show by that. Yeah, we know. Number one is Londo,
right, for you. No, I thought you were reading a music. I don't know. I was like, same.
While I love her, I don't think it's accurate, but that's fine. Number two is crazy for you. I know.
Number two is Johann Sebastian Bach. I know. So, do you do work to him or yeah? But again,
seems off. Yeah. Number three isn't even a band. It's just like a collection of people
had chatting. No, it's a, um, it's like your own pop, do it. It's like a modern talking. Let's say
on the same time. Three, two, one. Modern and talking also. Just modern. They're German, um,
Anders and Thomas. So, uh, you're a little too European for my taste. Is that fair to say?
It's not okay. Really? Just say it all. That's true. That's true.
It's xenophobic. Yeah. Iraq and phobic. Because there's eight countries that don't like in
Europe. And Germany and Russia are right up there. That's exactly wrong. Yeah. I mean,
ultimately the biggest perpetrators. Yeah. That's not true. It's great. And ultimately,
biggest perpetrators or the podcast grace are the Los Angeles. That was a really good joke.
You can tell me what number four? Number four is US Marine Band. So, I don't know what that's about.
That really feels like violence. Did I not show you this? No. It said it was like US Marine
Band. Month, most listened to February. And I was like, oh, that's when we needed to play
music in the public domain during the last year. And I think what happened was that Jake
are overnight engineer left the Spotify all night. Because it somehow took the number four
Spotify. Wow. So, you don't listen to Spotify that much. Or that is your, no, she does.
You're just trying to group people in with your ass. This is an intervention. This is an
intervention. People who use Apple music. You use Apple music. I actually don't listen to that
much music. That's what you. That's what I was waiting for you to say. I usually use YouTube.
Except for when I'm listening to, I don't know if you want to get to mine already,
or if I'm last. We're in the middle of onions. I don't know why you're trying to listen to it.
Yeah. Respect here as a boss. I'm sorry. I got some names wrong. Modern
talking is Dieter Bolin and Thomas Anderson. I feel like I need to put respect on their names.
Yeah. I'm really sorry. Thank God. Again, it is important to
number five and sleep with Mac. Yeah. You can burn your own child. What you're going to
don't think is right. Like these are not my top songs or more accurate because it's your
own experience. I think that we are not brain-tops Spotify artists is a bomb a race. The soy
like a glob. I completely agree with you. Mine has never felt true to me.
I saw this guy on a bar. Excuse me, Jeff, we're talking. Sorry. I will give you adults our talk.
Jeff, if you could for a second. I saw a guy on TikTok post how he still has his last
FM account linked and then he was like, they don't run up. That I believe that. However, I will say
the most important part of this whole conversation is that it will have it's airing about
a month to a month and a half after every, but he's done talking about their Spotify right?
We're already working hard on our 224 ramps. No one's going to find this interesting
at all. A lot of people. But I didn't think the US Marine Band one was relevant to you, Jeff.
I thought you would like that, but you didn't react at all. I don't remember that at all because
that whole thing was kind of a 24 hour dissociative episode for me. That's at me a year long spiral.
What am you? We are starting a new one right now, which is right. I'm so nervous to come
in for the Mario Kart. 48 hours. I do think 48 hours would be really funny. If there's built
and done to sleep, I don't know. I don't want to be so funny. I don't want to do it,
but it would be so funny. Built and timed to sleep. So, not that exciting first.
Like 48 hours stream would like an eight hour window to sleep. Just a pass.
It's exactly your right. What does she do? She was like in a live streamed house for, I don't know.
I think it was like a couple of days. It was like 72 hours. That's cool.
They're kind of cracking down. There's no load that's too low. They want people to be interacting
with the chats and you can't do that if you're sleeping on a stream. I've seen the TikTok
where it's like, like people like it. People create an alarm in my room or the fact that people
are talking over you, the different kinds of indicative of the generational gap. Like, as you get
older, what you have to say will be like, come less and less important. The government? I have a
question for you. If you don't say that, say that, Casey. Casey said the CIA is a
project of YouTube. Sorry. I never try saying that 10 times down to you. This has been the weirdest
episode. There was like multiple, it's like, does not feel like the episodes started.
It's like, we're sort of like, multiple conversations happening at the same time. That's never happened
on the show. Say that down time, on you. On two different people having two different conversations.
You can't do the last thing on a Friday and you just can't. It's too weird. It's looping.
A mirror. Here we go. What are yours? Do you listen to music or are you going to those guys?
I don't. I don't listen to music that much. I listen to any of your songs that like,
oh, I should listen to the song, but I use YouTube. Except for. I feel like, can I guess?
Yeah. Number one is that song. I don't care. I love it. I do like that song. That's not number one.
Number one. I do you spotify too, listen to the Boburnam inside special. That was two years ago.
Yeah, but I still think about it. And when I play it, I only listen to it on Spotify.
What do you find everyone song for me? I like a lot of songs on there, but I do like
welcome to the internet. And I like that that's how the world works song. And I like that,
that funny feeling the one that he plays on guitar. Is this, did you book this?
Boburnam Cross promo stuff? No, but Amir is doing just kind of mad. No, that's just natural.
What I listen to. It's Spotify. Have you ever seen Bridger's cover?
Yeah, she did a cover of that. I saw that. I saw that they were dating, but I haven't heard that version.
Also, I knit to you later. Okay, cool. And then the other four are just bands that I've played slash like,
which is like Eminem Weezer. Eminem. Yeah, a bunch of white dudes. What's your favorite Eminem?
And I will say is that Eminem song, what's the one lose yourself? Lose yourself. Yeah.
Never has a song been used by so many mediocre men to hype themselves up for something that doesn't matter.
It's not mom spaghetti. You're about to like log in to like lumber. I just watched.
I'm just saying lumber guy worked in a mile. Is it? I think so. Similar. I'm so synchronous.
Synchronicious. Synchronicious. I'm so synchronicious. Synchronicious. This song. He's doing it.
Eminem song right now. I'm synchronicious. Rappurnicious.
I'm rapped with your Spotify rapped. And then there was one that I forgot. It was Weezer.
Maybe Ben Folds. Like it's got to be the Ben Folds five. Yeah. Yeah. It doesn't have to be the Ben Folds.
I saw Ben Folds be Ben Folds. Really? It could be for for a mirror. I saw Ben Folds debut his symphony.
He wrote a symphony because any debut in Cleveland. My friend sister played the cello in it.
So sick. Awesome. I saw Weezer in concert on September 12, 2001. Well Ben Folds. I was just going to say they did not cancel their show.
Ben Folds that album came out on 911. Yeah. All right. Here we go. This is it. That's weird for you.
There was my musical taste having evolved since I was 18. It's because you haven't gone out of your comfort zone.
I don't think it knew they need to necessarily. I was just shocked to hear Eminem second. I feel like a mirror would like hot to go.
Did you know that I had pictures of Eminem and my, you didn't know. Here I'm telling you for the first time.
I had pictures of him taped up in my locker. And I would like before class. I thought he was so cute.
Did I tell you who my first Instagram or one? And then my dad shot me. So you saw them in M2?
Not a long time. I was like 12. Of course. My dad bought me a walkman and I asked my mom to buy me the Eminem CD.
She didn't know it was. I think it was the Marshall mother's LP. And then my dad was like,
let me try out this. Do you know what? I want to know what it like, the sound quality.
You just said walkman. You held your hands out as if you were using a walker.
And then he listened to that.
No, let's do that. Let's see. Did he said I can't listen to Eminem anymore? Interesting.
Your dad couldn't listen to that. What's that? Thank you. This is the segment you had playing?
There's more. There's absolutely more. There's kind of a lot more. Oh shit. Okay, we have to
keep this fucking going. What did you see? 45 minutes. God, I thought you looked out and
saw it. Yeah, I could have been trying to get into the studio. All right, here we go.
Yeah, to go. Oh, shit. He has a gun.
Tap around. You would like to chop around.
H-O-T-T-O-G-O. You can't take me hot to go. What a dance to it. What are the words?
What is the word he's spelling? He's spelling hot to go.
It's like taking a coffee hot to go, but like someone's going to like, yeah, sort of fucker.
Who sings this? Chappel around, so. It's not for us. Yeah, for me.
None of your business or mine. All right, this is rapid-fire.
I'm just going to say this about Casey. It's one joke. You're, sorry. Okay. Yeah.
All of these read like names that I would use as an alien. Beek.
Chloe Francis.
Link Ray with a W.
With a W. Andrew Valentino and the chats. All right, here we go.
We got yours. I'm here to have one or he sent me one. Okay, these are all, yeah.
We just talked about it. We just talked about it. We just talked about five.
We do have to move on. We had to move on five. Was Ben Folds the fifth one?
Nice. Has Ben Folds comes in five. The Ben Folds five coming in at five?
Here we go. This is a game I like to call a medical procedure or cheating. Let's start with IUD implantation.
Is that, is that a medical procedure or are you actually just cheating on your partner?
The episode should end right there. But if you want to have this whole segment, that's a medical
procedure. Yeah. Really? Yeah. But someone else is in there, Jeff.
Ha ha ha ha. Whatever. Let's keep going. The next cross state exam.
Yeah. It's like medical procedure or cheating. I'm sensing a pattern here. That one's cheating, right?
That one's cheating depends on who's doing it. The doctor, a doctor at a
fucking. Well, that is cheating. Exactly. Well, it's, I almost feel like, and we're the location.
It could be a doctor, but if you're in a motel. That's what I'm saying. It's like
I would never get a prostate exam if I was in a monogamous relationship. That's not fair to them.
That's why or you're scared of what they might find. Or of them going in. And is that a rule?
Or if you like. No, I don't think he's scared of them going in. I think he's scared of what's inside of
the. Yeah. He's afraid of fishers in his ass or the relationship coming. That's a loss. That's the loss.
What?
Babes. Finally got you. That's so much worse.
Wonderful.
That's also you. It's pial. His stereoscopy. His stereoscopy. His stereoscopy.
His stereoscopy. I mostly brought this up because I didn't realize that. Don't look at me.
Don't make eye contact during this segment. What's the chicken or the egg?
Histeria or the fact that a lot of gynecological exams and procedures start with
his stereoscopy? No, his stereoscopy. You're talking about the camera in the uterus.
His stereoscopy is removed. Remove. Not removal of his camera. Does hysteria come from
gynecological exams? And is that the etymology of hysteria that that has a thing?
We are hysterical. Are these medical procedures named after hysteria?
I bet it's like backed in through sexist ideology that's like only women can be hysterical.
And it's based on. Is that your lawyers? Who the hell is that? Is that Nick? Yeah.
Nick. Ask about the band. Ask about replacements. Tell them. Never
guess. Ask about the mayor's field session. I'm Spotify. Ask about the mayor's field.
Ask about the mayor's field. Ask about the mayor's field. Ask about the mayor's field.
That's another thing that's never happened before. It was something weird. Well, she is having another
conversation. It was a replacement. I think you were Spotify. Well, no, it's not a second.
On the phone, who he can't even hear what they're saying. And she had no hesitation to pick it up.
You remember Jeff, when I'm last year, for like a second? For more than a second,
what felt like an eternity? I think there might be the worst episode ever. No, I don't think so.
I think it's a secret. Are you coming here? What? Nick? Oh, I didn't because I was busy.
busy with what? Dating him? Yeah, you don't mind. I'll get it expense. We need, we need just
like plastic tarps to paint the studio. Does he not have a day job? How is he able to do this on
paid? She's out of him. So it's not helpful to her. It's out of the core on a Friday and here in Los
Angeles. It's like, what about? Okay. We have to go out. I'll text you. General, yourology appointment.
Is that cheating or a better procedure? Bye. What is the procedure? General, yourology
appointment? Is that cheating or a medical procedure? We're still doing this segment. I thought we were
done. Did nobody like this one? This might be a dud. I've never seen you before. What?
What about? Sorry. I took a phone call because we have to paint the studio a little bit. Nick is
painting the studio. He's coming to help us get stuff out. What is that? Who's this guy? James Bond.
I don't like that you're looking at me through. Through the tribe. There's like a tri-pod here
and I'm looking through it. It feels like you're going to shoot. I'm not having sex with someone
other than your monogamous partners. Is that a medical procedure? I'm cheating. I'm cheating. Very good.
I did cut you off at the scene. The hysteria of it all. Yeah, I do it. You're onto something
there for sure. I consider reading radical feminist theory. You might, like, it might really
stuff up for you. I took a gender studies class once. Yeah, you see. A year or two ago.
This was a decade ago. What did you get? I got 14. I got to do not pass, but it was more like
you shall not pass. The teacher told you this as you were trying to get into the classroom. Well,
it wasn't the teacher as like a troll and I refused to pay the toll. So I didn't learn much.
Just switched gender to where are you studying? Oh. Melting. He's melting. He cannot do this.
Uh, all right. This is the second one I like to call. Oh, wow.
Jeopardy. It's called, uh, it's called plugs. Right. Let's get the fuck out of here. Let's start with
the mirror and let's go left to right as if I was reading a book. Gosh. I got to promote segments
my new podcast on the head game that we're not really. Oh, sure. It doesn't hurt.
Also on TikTok. Okay. To say nothing about my Instagram account at a mirror. I posted some wedding
photos the other week that are doing. They look really cleanly well. Engagement wise. They didn't look
like that on the day. Well, I've been told. And then I'm also on X. I'm on X to see right now. So
we don't have to get out of here. But my name is there is Bloomingfeld. So follow me follow me follow me.
Yeah. No, number two on this. Follow fire. Yeah. It goes Bo Burnham M&M. Yeah.
Oh, uh, calling me. No. Oh, no. No. That's take on me. Yeah. This is data. What did you say? Call. Call me. Call me.
No. I know you're saying. That's out of my screen. That's out of green. No, it's. That's an
old green. Call me. Call me. That's out of green. That's a different. I was so
blondie. I said. I feel like we never have the cookie brownies. Listen to the pit wall.
No way. No. No. No. No. We're going to. No. We're going to.
I don't know when this episode comes out that we're recording right now. We're going to do an episode
about the Ferrari movie. Sometimes soon. Really? Can I recommend this for this? Stop looking at
me through the tripod. Ford versus Ferrari versus Ferrari comparing those two movies. I don't know.
Wow. That's really good. And you have to bring me on because I did Ford versus Ferrari. Okay.
Yeah. Like the conversation for I. Okay. And is there moving? Well, I'll do. I'm going to do. We're
going to do an episode just on Ferrari because we did an episode just on Ford for Ferrari. So
we'll do an episode. That's Ford V Ferrari V Ferrari. Yeah. And is there a movie called Ford?
Is that going to do Ford V Ferrari? Yeah. I'll find. I'll find. There is. No, there is the Gerald Ford
documentary. That's the one we love the most of the three. I'll leave what you got. Plugs. You can
follow me on Instagram at Ali Khan, Letterbox, at Ali Khan, and Vemomie, Ali Dash Khan. Has the Venmo
stuck with it? Someone needs to make money from us. Anybody has what we meet? Yeah. Have you seen it?
Has anyone been moved? It's a lunch money. It's a lunch money. No, don't be in my case.
That's a new couch. I said that. And then I got a lot of really, really, really nice people stuck with
you money for my own. I need a new couch too. What's that? You get a couch worth of money?
I mean, listen, it's hooked. Every dollar house. What I will say? If there's one way not to get
someone to Venmo you, it's for you to say Venmo me after Ali said Venmo. Yeah, it's kind of out of that.
I'll say it for next time. Yeah. We should do like a Sarah McLaughlin style. It's sponsor one of us.
Yeah, that's not bad at all. If I can, what is it? As seen on TV thing,
um, that's QVC. In the arm. That's it. And like a montage of all of us and all the things that
we can do. Yeah, couch. Yeah, don't feel like that setting won't won't work. That does me. I feel like
I'll be blast on the list. The people would want it. There's a look like it.
Well, I was when the jump in there and be like, oh, yeah, send me money too.
Ali, what else do you have? Uh, that's it. newcomers. Oh, yeah, newcomers. New season newcomers will
be launching in January. Yes. We don't work on that. We should say that this new season is then
watching my saved stories. And yeah, head reacting badly to them. Come on. Oh, um,
oh, it says we're like over time. Oh, so, so, so this is when you go over time, check that that show out.
Honestly, 24 for a head going. 24 for. It might be our biggest goal. When when is the company
going to sell to an I heart radio do a spot to find? Yeah. Do you have any plugs? Radio free
on you on Instagram. Follow the dot love motel and submit your love advice questions. We are
running low. The well is empty. Yeah. And we are reupping in January. So please, we're begging you.
You all need help. I'm sure. Can I say that? Um, yeah. And uh, it's going to be a new show live stream show coming
to Twitch rock and roll radio show hosted by me. Jeff will never be a guest, but everybody else here
more than welcome. I'm all in on that. Although now that you listened to bands, other than
the grateful dead, we have a lot to talk about. That was never with my only been hit. It's a music
radio show live on the head gum twitch, a radio free on the on Instagram. I already said that.
Thanks Jeff for having us. Um, I will say that if anybody didn't like medical procedure or cheating
as a segment, my girlfriend came up with that. That wasn't me. I really like your girlfriend. So now I
see it differently. That's what I knew that would happen. So I just feel like it won't be relevant to
people, what you're saying right now, because you will have cut the segment. So really, it was
bad. And I had to take a phone call during it. Yeah, but you know, that means that Nick was basically
on the show. It's going to say whatever the title of this episode is, and then it's going to say
with Nick, whatever his last name is, Bond or whatever.
That was a hit gum original.